add Mobaxterm as alternative for accessing the clusters (#128)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/access/generating_keys_with_mobaxterm.rst

.. _generating_keys_mobaxterm:

Create an SSH key pair for use with MobaXterm
---------------------------------------------------------

The following steps explain how to generate an SSH key pair in ``OpenSSH`` format
using the MobaXterm application.

1. Go to the `MobaXterm website <http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net>`__ and download
   the free version. Make sure to select the **Portable edition** from the

>    download page. Create a ``MobaXterm`` folder in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   download page. Create a folder called ``MobaXterm`` in a known
```

>    ``Documents`` folder and uncompress inside it the contents of the downloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   location in your computer and decompress the contents of the downloaded
```

>    zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   zip file inside it.
```

2. Double click the ``MobaXterm_Personal`` executable file inside the

>    ``Documents\MobaXterm`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``MobaXterm`` folder.
```

>    You should see the MobaXterm main window like this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The MobaXterm main window will appear on your screen. It should be similar to this one:
```

   .. _mobaxterm-main-window-sshkey:
   .. figure:: access_using_mobaxterm/mobaxterm_main_window.png
      :align: center
      :alt: mobaxterm main

3. In the **Tools** menu choose the **MobaKeyGen (SSH key generator)** option,
   a panel like this one will appear:

   .. _mobaxterm-sshkey-generator:
   .. figure:: generating_keys_with_mobaxterm/mobaxterm_sshkey_generator.png
      :align: center
      :alt: mobaxterm main

4. Make sure the option **RSA** is chosen and **Number of bits in a generated

>    key** is set to **4096** and press the button **Generate**. As shown below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   key** is set to **4096**. Press the button **Generate**. As shown below,
```

   you will be requested to move the mouse in the **Key** area to generate some
   entropy; do so until the green bar is completely filled.

   .. _mobaxterm-sshkey-entropy:
   .. figure:: generating_keys_with_mobaxterm/mobaxterm_sshkey_entropy.png
      :align: center
      :alt: mobaxterm main

> 5. When the process is over you will see a result as shown below. Enter a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When the process is over you will see its result as shown below. Enter a
```

   comment in the **Key comment** field and a strong passphrase.

   .. _mobaxterm-sshkey-passphrase:
   .. figure:: generating_keys_with_mobaxterm/mobaxterm_sshkey_passphrase.png
      :align: center
      :alt: mobaxterm main

6. Click on the **Save public key** button and save it to some desired
   location; we recommend to name it ``id_rsa.vsc.pub``. You must upload this public key to your
   your `VSC accountpage <https://account.vscentrum.be>`__ before you can login to a VSC cluster.

7. Finally click on the **Save private key** button and save that file also;
   we recommend to name this file ``id_rsa.vsc``. As the *private* part of
   the name suggests, this file should not be shared, you must keep it in a safe
   location in your computer.

>    You must remember where you saved it, as you will need it to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You will have to remember where you saved it, as you will need it to
```
